okay here we are we've just set up a
little fire fighting system with 500
litres of water there with a hose going
in about 300 litres per minute is the
slow amount that this will pump out 50
foot of hose proper firefighter how's it
have a very good looking firefighter
very good looking firefighter with an
adjustable nozzle and we're about to
fire this up and see how well it goes
many Cal starting up now okay judge now
turn it on okay mm-hmm you don't go okay
so Leland let's try the because maybe it
was already warm next
cuz we hear you're here up to stand
is it all night the back Damon yeah but
uh no no no is it only money yes okay
okay
here just stop deep below okay so why
isn't this stunning
other way
it's great
well I think we'd call that a successful
first run took a while to start but it's
a brand new motor so hopefully next time
it'll start really quick anyway looks
like it's kind of work just got to build
it into a tricycle see ya